README.md, before:

# GoLang RDAP Framework

*A simple framework for building RDAP applications with the following package:*
https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/openrdap/rdap

Features:

## Bootstrapping

The openrdap/rdap library uses pre-defined bootstrap servers
(such as those maintained by IANA or rdap.net) to determine which is the correct,
authoritative RIR server for a given query (e.g., an ASN or IP address).

## Automatic Referrals

When you initiate a query, the client library sends it to a
bootstrap server. If that server is not the authoritative source, it returns an
HTTP redirection (e.g., HTTP 301 or 302) pointing to the correct RIR's RDAP server
(e.g., ARIN, RIPE, etc.).

## Library Handles the Redirects

The openrdap/rdap client is designed to follow
these redirects automatically to the authoritative server and return the final,
relevant data in a standardized JSON format.

## TLDR

In short, the library handles the complexity of finding the correct registry, so
your code can simply make a single logical query and receive the result from the
authoritative source without manual intervention or querying multiple RIRs.

Commit message:

It was returning the ASName, or in some cases random lines from the vcard. I added logic that takes vCard data structure from all RIR's (aside from APNIC and if the vcard "kind" has an "org", it will use that name to pull the company. Else, in the case of APNIC, the company name is stored in a remarks section. So I have logic for that. RIPE works a little differently. but the org logic above still works for it.
More info here
https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9083

README.md, after:

# GoLang RDAP Framework

*A simple framework for building RDAP applications with the following package:*
https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/openrdap/rdap

Features:

## Bootstrapping

The openrdap/rdap library uses pre-defined bootstrap servers
(such as those maintained by IANA or rdap.net) to determine which is the correct,
authoritative RIR server for a given query (e.g., an ASN or IP address).

## Automatic Referrals

When you initiate a query, the client library sends it to a
bootstrap server. If that server is not the authoritative source, it returns an
HTTP redirection (e.g., HTTP 301 or 302) pointing to the correct RIR's RDAP server
(e.g., ARIN, RIPE, etc.).

## Library Handles the Redirects

The openrdap/rdap client is designed to follow
these redirects automatically to the authoritative server and return the final,
relevant data in a standardized JSON format.

## TLDR

In short, the library handles the complexity of finding the correct registry, so
the code can simply make a single logical query and receive the result from the
authoritative source without manual intervention or querying multiple RIRs.

## Organization name extraction

Different RIRs populate RDAP VCards a bit differently. This tool now extracts a
human-friendly organization name using the following priority:

- Description remark from the autnum, if present.
- Entity VCard for entities with roles registrant or administrative, preferring
  the vCard "org" (or "organization") value; if missing, it falls back to the
  vCard "fn" value.
- Any other entity VCard as above.
- Otherwise falls back to aut.Name, entity handle, aut.Handle, or any remark line.

Generic contact labels (e.g., Hostmaster, NOC, Abuse) and obvious registry names
(ARIN, RIPE, APNIC, LACNIC, AFRINIC) are filtered out to avoid returning
registry/contact names instead of the actual organization name.
